{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MS Shell Dlg 2;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\f0\fs144 ANNOUNCER (VO):\par
The following is a paid presentation for The Storykeepers from Good Times Entertainment.\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
Hi, I'm Kathie Lee Gifford. As a parent, I know how hard it can be to find family activities and quality entertainment that are fun for everyone... but appropriate for children.\par
That's why I'm thrilled to be able to introduce you to an incredible animated video series that's unlike anything you've ever seen before! \par
\par
The Storykeepers has given my family hours of powerful entertainment, and it can do the same for you!\par
 \par
So welcome to our home... \par
And welcome to... The Storykeepers!\par
ANNOUNCER (VO):\par
Since the beginning, we've passed along the stories...\par
\par
Of our beliefs...\par
\par
And our greatest heroes and adventures...\par
\par
From one generation to the next.\par
First, through pictures, etched in sand and stone...\par
Then by oral retellings of the story...\par
And finally, through the written word...\par
Now, all those great storytelling traditions come together to bring you The Storykeepers!\par
\par
...The only animated children's video series that tells \par
the stories of Jesus \par
\par
through an exciting, episodic action/adventure story!\par
\par
SOLDIER:\par
You there! Where are the Christians hiding!\par
\par
SOLDIERS (VO):\par
They're getting away! After them!\par
KIDS:\par
Yaaaaaahhhhhhhh!\par
ANNOUNCER (VO):\par
The Storykeepers has sold over 1 million copies around the world in 105 countries in 25 different languages! \par
\par
Now, for the very first time, all 13 of the original episodes of this award-winning series are available on video to you in the U.S., exclusively through this special television offer!\par
\par
Produced in association with Focus on the Family, and recognized for excellence by International Christian Video Media, The Storykeepers was made at a cost of over $7 million dollars...\par
\par
With dazzling film-quality animation and daring adventures that will delight your children!\par
 \par
Through it all, The Storykeepers shares 47 of the most beloved stories and inspirational miracles of Jesus...\par
\par
including the Easter and Christmas stories.\par
\par
It's good, wholesome entertainment the entire family can enjoy!\par
\par
\par
TESTIMONIAL SOUNDBITES:\par
[EXAMPLES ONLY, EXACT TBD]\par
Our whole family loves The Storykeepers!\par
It's so much fun, my kids can't wait to watch these videos...\par
The stories are wonderful--they're so exciting and inspiring!\par
I feel like The Storykeepers has brought us all closer together...\par
\par
ANNOUNCER (VO):\par
Every month, your kids will look forward to another thrilling episode!\par
\par
Plus, stay tuned to find out how your child can receive a special free gift... \par
From The Storykeepers!\par
Now, please join your host, singer/song writer, actress, television personality, children's advocate, and mother of two, Kathie Lee Gifford...\par
\par
For... The Storykeepers!\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
I first heard about The Storykeepers years ago through a friend... My kids, Cody and Cassidy, loved the action, the characters and the wonderful stories. And it's been a treasured part of our family ever since.\par
\par
The Storykeepers is a high-quality, multi award-winning, animated television series, aired nationally on the Hallmark Channel and Odyssey Network.\par
\par
Only 13 episodes were made. There are no more! And now, this special keepsake video collection of all 13 of the original episodes is now available in the United States for the very first time!\par
\par
But believe me, it's much more than just another kids' cartoon...\par
\par
The Storykeepers are the only animated videos that tell New Testament stories through an action/adventure series that's inspiring and exciting for children of all ages.\par
\par
The "Storykeepers" are a family of orphans,\par
among the first Christians in ancient Rome, who bravely risk their lives \par
\par
to pass on the stories and teachings of Jesus\par
\par
from one person to the next.\par
And now, you can own The Storykeepers for yourself!\par
\par
It all begins with these brave kids making a harrowing escape from a giant gladiator in Volume 1... Breakout!\par
\par
\par
Then thrill on a wild, wet ride through the Roman aqueducts in Cody's favorite adventure, Volume 2... Raging Waters!\par
[Note: Brief intro for each of 13 episodes to be used as needed for offer at end of script.]\par
\par
Every month, you'll join The Storykeepers on another heroic adventure, through all 13 episodes!\par
 \par
My kids love it, I love it, and I think you'll love it too... \par
\par
TESTIMONIALS:\par
[BULLET POINTS, EXACT TBD]\par
\bullet  Focus on fun\par
\bullet  Kids love them\par
\bullet  Great family entertainment\par
\bullet  Impact videos have had on family\par
\bullet  Really helps bring family together\par
\bullet  How great and watchable videos are\par
\bullet  Reiterate USP -- unique combo of New Testament stories with action/adventure series\par
\bullet  Emphasis on faith and family values (but not too religious yet)\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
What makes The Storykeepers so special is that each episode tells Bible stories for children, through the eyes of children.\par
We follow the exciting and sometimes comical adventures of Ben the Baker, his wife, Helena, Zak the Zealot, Anna, Justin, Marcus, and Cyrus, and their secret underground church.\par
\par
They tell powerful true stories from the New Testament, including some of Jesus' greatest miracles... \par
\par
Like the healing of the sick...\par
\par
The feeding of the multitudes...\par
\par
And the triumphant Christmas and Easter stories.\par
\par
Now, here's a special preview of The Storykeepers, including one of my favorite scenes.\par
\par
MYLO (OLD DRIVER)\par
Whoa, Regis!... Yee-ha! What a ride!\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
The Storykeepers has won two prestigious Crown Awards from International Christian Visual Media for excellence in promoting good family values.\par
\par
And it was produced in association with world-renowned Focus on The Family...\par
\par
KURT BRUNNER:\par
TBD\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
Kids love The Storykeepers. It reaches out to them and makes a connection on their own level.\par
\par
Each episode is so action-packed with lovable heroes, evil villains, surprise plots and great adventure, your children will look forward to every thrilling one. \par
\par
But the stories are so historically and biblically faithful, that these videos are even recommended by church groups around the country.\par
\par
We visited one small community in Kingsport, Tennesee, where the pastor was so impressed by The Storykeepers, he shared it with his congregation...\par
\par
TBD\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
The Storykeepers provides fun, wholesome entertainment the whole family can enjoy together, right in your own home.\par
\par
These videos are an easy way to introduce young children to the ideas of faith, hope and family values. They also teach some important moral lessons about honesty, loyalty, courage and compassion...\par
\par
Cassidy's favorite is where the children save a Roman soldier, in more ways than one, in Volume 3...Catacomb Rescue!\par
\par
SOLDIER:\par
But why would you risk your lives to rescue me?\par
\par
ANNA:\par
We were just doing what the Samaritan did!\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
My kids and I love The Storykeepers, and I've been telling my family and friends about these wonderful videos ever since we got them.\par
\par
I even gave some of the tapes to my goddaughter, Kendall, and of course, her mom and dad, my very dear friends, Kris and Bruce Jenner...\par
\par
KRIS & BRUCE JENNER:\par
[BULLET POINTS, EXACT TBD]\par
\bullet  Talk about how Kathie Lee recommended videos to them \par
\bullet  Kathie Lee is the godmother to their 6-year-old daughter, KENDALL\par
\bullet  How much they enjoy the videos \par
\bullet  What they like best about them \par
\bullet  Perhaps their favorite video/scene\par
\bullet  Most touching moment with kids, etc.\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
Now I want to share The Storykeepers with you too.\par
\par
This is your chance to give something to your children that's fun for them, and that promotes the values you want them to have. \par
\par
When you're trying to raise your kids the best you can, too often you have to say "no" to them. What a joy it is to be able to say "yes" to The Storykeepers!\par
\par
There's no greater gift you can give to those you love.\par
\par
I know this keepsake video collection will become an important part of your family traditions, just like it has for mine.\par
\par
And remember, you can only get all 13 original episodes through this special TV offer.\par
\par
So here's your opportunity, right now, to try \par
\par
The Storykeepers!\par
TBD\par
\par
TESTIMONIALS:\par
\bullet  More enthusiastic one-liners from real testimonials TBD \par
\bullet  May include soundbites from Jenners\par
\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
The Storykeepers is something completely new and different in children's animation!\par
\par
Each of the 13 original episodes is action-packed with exciting adventures that bring history to life... \par
\par
Including the very special Christmas and Easter stories.\par
\par
Now your child can join The Storykeepers on every heroic adventure...\par
Explore the aquaducts of ancient Rome...\par
Escape the sinking of a Roman slave ship...\par
Outwit the evil Nero and his guards...\par
\par
Make a daring rescue from the lion's den! And more!\par
\par
(SFX: LION'S ROAR!)\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
This highly acclaimed series was produced in association with Focus on the Family!\par
\par
And creating The Storykeepers was an epic, almost biblical undertaking!\par
\par
Several years and over 7 million dollars were spent in the development and production of this award-winning series!\par
\par
The Storykeepers has won two prestigious Crown Awards from International Christian Visual Media for Best Series and Best Children's Film.\par
\par
It was carefully researched and developed by an ecumenical group of respected theologians and children's authors.\par
\par
And the animation is terrific! -- From a talented creative team who have worked on some of the most popular animated feature films...\par
\par
Led by head writer and executive producer, David Weiss, whose credits include Rugrats, Rock-a-Doodle, All Dogs Go to Heaven, Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius and the upcoming Shrek II!\par
\par
So let's take a sneak peek behind the scenes of The Storykeepers...\par
\par
CARTOON ANNOUNCER (VO):\par
Rome. 64 AD. The Emporer Nero has unleashed his fury against the Christians.\par
Anna, Cyrus, Justin and Marcus...\par
Embark on the adventure of a lifetime...\par
Together with Ben, Helena and their friends\par
in the Christian Underground.\par
Their mission: To keep\par
the stories of Jesus alive.\par
This is their story --\par
They are... The Storykeepers!\par
DAVID WEISS:\par
[BULLET POINTS, EXACT TBD]\par
\bullet  Re-emphasize what makes The Storykeepers so unique -- no one had ever made a cartoon like this before, combining action/adventure story with New Testament\par
\bullet  How carefully researched & historically accurate the stories are\par
\bullet  Give bio/credits - Executive produced, wrote and supervised scripts \par
\bullet  Emmy nominated writer\par
\bullet  Emphasize quality, award-winning animation, etc.\par
\par
[SUPER Credits, perhaps narrated by AVO: Rugrats, Rock-a-Doodle, All Dogs Go to Heaven, Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius and upcoming Shrek II]\par
\par
\bullet  He will also mention a line or two about working with other members of creative team, the Director, Jimmy Murakami [Academy Award nominee, whose credits include: When The Wind Blows, The Snowman (winner of British Film Academy Award for Best Children's Drama & nominated for Academy Award for Best Short Film, Animated Films, 1982), and Christmas Carol: The Movie (featuring voice talents of Kate Winslet & Nicholas Cage)].\par
\par
[NOTE: If we do not get enough specific information from David on director to cover stills & bio, we will fill in info, as needed with scripted AVO TBD]\par
\par
SFX: MUSIC SCORE UP!\par
\par
\bullet  David discusses wonderful music.from composer, Sam Spence (did music for animated Ben Hur)\par
\par
 [NOTE: If necessary, we will fill in info, as needed with scripted AVO TBD]\par
\par
\bullet  Why The Storykeepers meant so much to David personally (very special as it was his first animated feature)\par
\bullet  His favorite episode/scene\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
When you watch it, you can see the love and care that went into the creation of The Storykeepers. But what's even more special than how the videos were made, is what they have to say... and what everyone who sees them has to say about them.\par
\par
The Storykeepers is loved by kids, trusted by parents, and endorsed by religious leaders all around the world....\par
\par
It's sold over a million copies in 105 different countries in 25 different languages!\par
\par
It seems that everyone who sees these videos becomes a "Storykeeper," passing along the exciting and inspirational stories to friends and family...\par
\par
SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHER:\par
(BULLET POINTS, EXACT TBD)\par
\bullet  Uses the videos as instruction in her class\par
\bullet  What makes the videos so special\par
\bullet  How the kids react to the videos\par
\bullet  Her favorite video\par
\par
GROUP TESTIMONIAL:\par
(EXACT TBD)\par
\bullet  Discuss AD LIB and heart-to-heart what The Storykeepers has meant for them and their families\par
\bullet  Start the mood off warm, friendly, talking, laughing, sharing how great, fun, exciting and easy videos are for the kids\par
\bullet  Then get into some more emotional stories\par
\par
\bullet  Perhaps end with group sharing some of their favorite Storykeepers video scenes and moments\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
I realized how precious these videos were to me and my children when I saw that Cody and Cassidy really related to the characters and their stories. The young Storykeepers are just like our own children, in different times, struggling to do the right thing, struggling with their faith. It's like seeing the bible through their own eyes.\par
\par
Just imagine the closeness and the joy you and your child can share simply by watching The Storykeepers together.\par
\par
The Storykeepers is a quality gift that keeps on giving... And now, all 13 original episodes are available in the U.S. for the very first time, directly to you through this exclusive TV offer.\par
\par
Every month, your kids will look forward to another exciting episode!\par
\par
And if you and your kids don't absolutely love it, you can return it for your money back. So you've got nothing to lose by calling, and so very much to gain.\par
\par
I sincerely hope you take advantage of this special offer, right now, \par
\par
to try The Storykeepers at home for yourself...\par
TESTIMONIALS:\par
(EXACT TBD)\par
\bullet  More back-to-back stories, as various real people talk about value and quality of product\par
\bullet  Gift that lasts a lifetime\par
\bullet  Include grandparents, such as JIM & MELINDA WILLIAMS, attractive early 50s couple with 3 grandsons 8-12.\par
\bullet  Get to some REAL EMOTIONS here.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
Now it's easier than ever to share the gospel stories with those you love, with The Storykeepers--the only children's videos that tell the stories of Jesus through an exciting action/adventure series...\par
\par
It shares the Bible in a way that children of all ages can relate to and understand!\par
\par
And it's so entertaining, your kids will want to watch it!\par
\par
The Storykeepers shares 47 of His most inspiring, hope-giving and beloved parables and miracles....\par
\par
Including family favorites -- the Easter and Christmas stories.\par
\par
And all 13 of the original half-hour episodes are now available to you, here in the U.S., for the very first time, through this special TV offer...\par
\par
OMITTED\par
\par
OMITTED\par
\par
CLIP SOUNDBITE TBD\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
And once you see The Storykeepers, you'll want to pass it on...\par
\par
TESTIMONIALS:\par
(EXACT TBD)\par
\bullet  Include another expert testimonial -- such as JOE & MARIA LA BARBERA (she's a school teacher--used to show videos in classroom, he's related to Hanna-Barbera cartoon family\par
\bullet  May also include more soundbites from the Jenners here (or in final testimonial tag). \par
\bullet  More uplifting, back-to-back stories. \par
\bullet  Pull out the stops, get to some real emotional moments here\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
The most important things in my life are my family... my home... my friends... and my faith.\par
\par
So it means so much to me to able to bring together the things I care about most with The Storykeepers.\par
\par
For me, personally, The Storykeepers has become our church away from home. We travel so much with such crazy schedules, that we can't always go to church on Sundays. But wherever we are, we can watch The Storykeepers together. I only wish there were more than 13 of them!\par
\par
I truly believe that The Storykeepers is such a wonderful gift and a loving legacy to give to your children....your grandchildren... a friend...or even your church group..\par
\par
You've heard so many different people talking today about what The Storykeepers has meant for their families--now here's your final opportunity to find out what it can mean for you and your children.\par
\par
If you haven't taken advantage of this exclusive offer to preview this keepsake-quality video collection at home for yourself, please pick up the phone and call now. \par
\par
And remember, your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed.\par
\par
Thank you for sharing this special day with us. And may you and your loved ones keep His stories always close to your hearts with The Storykeepers... God bless...\par
\par
\par
BEN:\par
Until one day, there are as many Storykeepers as there are stars in the sky!\par
\par
TESTIMONIALS:\par
(EXAMPLES ONLY, EXACT TBD)\par
We laughed, we cried, we couldn't get enough.\par
The Storykeepers are a part of our family now.\par
There's nothing else like it in great family entertainment!\par
Seeing is believing!\par
We love The Storykeepers!\par
\par
ANNOUNCER (VO):\par
The preceding has been a paid presentation for The Storykeepers from Good Times Entertainment.\par
\par
\par
KATHIE LEE:\par
It all begins with these brave kids making a harrowing escape from a giant gladiator in Volume 1... Breakout!\par
\par
\par
Then thrill on a wild, wet ride through the Roman aqueducts in Cody's favorite adventure, Volume 2... Raging Waters.\par
Cassidy's favorite is where the children save a Roman soldier, in more ways than one, in Volume 3...Catacomb Rescue.\par
\par
Things really heat up for our heroes when Nero tries to burn them out in Volume 4...Ready, Aim, FIRE!\par
\par
Then hold your breath as The Storykeepers escape a Roman slave ship in Volume 5...Sink or Swim.\par
\par
The Storykeepers flee the soldiers to celebrate the Christmas story in volume 6...Starlight Express.\par
\par
Then...will a good deed save The Storykeepers from the lion's den? In Volume 7...Roar in the Night.\par
\par
One of the children is arrested! But can he be brought home again like the Prodigal Son? In Volume 8...Captured!\par
\par
When a Christian soldier is sentenced to death--can The Storykeepers rescue him? In Volume 9...Trapped!\par
\par
Like the story of Judas, The Storykeepers are betrayed by a friend in Volume 10...Betrayed!\par
\par
Has the evil Nero finally defeated The Storykeepers when Ben is captured? In Volume 11...Nabbed by Nero.\par
All hope seems lost when Ben is to be crucified, just like Jesus... But can an enemy become a friend? In Volume 12...Getaway!\par
\par
The end may just be the beginning as The Storykeepers share God's greatest triumph! In the thrilling conclusion, Volume 13...The Final Conflict.\par
\pard\cf0\b0\f1\fs17\par
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
}
 